Aggregation functions provides some of
the most exciting insights from our streaming data.
Let's pretend you work at a software as a service company together.
We're trying to understand the kinds of problems that our customers have as well as
the types of problems that particular categories
have so that we can better improve our product.
We might have a raw data stream of all page views
for our support site broken down by user.
If we simply counted this data page by page,
we could see by time frame what are most visited support pages were.
So there're page no internet,
now with have a count of one,
timed out count of one,
another timed out page here,
so this count will go to two.
This is exactly what you would see in a typical group by in a SQL function.
The difference here is as events run through Kafka and through our stream processor,
we're going to update our aggregated group by view.